    - PropTypes is a package that can be installed into a React app that ensures that the data that is being moved around the app is specified to the developers’ specification. It is important to check our data, especially as the amount of data that an app takes increases. Data that is, “supposed” to be one type but is in fact another may throw an error that  disrupts the functionality of an app.

    - A life cycle event in React is an function which runs based on the point at which a React component is at in its life cycle. Components have three main phases: mounting, update, and unmounting. As a life cycle function moves through these different phases, the function may be invoked depending on the type of function that it is.

    - A higher order component receives a function as a parameter that in turn outputs another component when the higher order function is called. The use of HOCs allows for developers to create functionality that is reusable across different components. HOCs also allow for complex functionality in an application such as the Login System that was part of one our projects in class.

    - One way to style a component with is with Reactstrap which is a library that one can install, import, and use pre-constructed components to style your code. Reactstrap is beneficial because it is very quick and easy to plug your data into its prefabricated components resulting in in a product that is aesthetically pleasing in a short amount of time.  Another option would be to install and use styled-components which allows you to create, style, and use your own components with with which to style components in React. Styled-components are useful because they allow for the Reusability that Reactstrap components have, but additionally allows you to make your components with the unique styles that you choose to assign to them.  Lastly, one always has the option to use a standard .css file to style components in React.  The biggest benefit of using plain CSS is that it is quick and easy to make simple changes to your application.
